\section{Hovering Information design}
\label{sec:design}

This project aims to implement the hovering information system working inside
a social environment. Mobile nodes are owned by people, who move inside an
environment composed by anchors, that is, locations where pieces of hovering
information are present. In a real context, anchors are bound to points of
interest, such as shops, information centers, and so on.

The system simulates an hovering information usage, inside an environment
(although ``\emph{a simulator without the reproducibility ability is no more
than little game}''[cit. Pianini], so for now on I may use the word
``simulator'' as a synonymous for ``little game''). People, carrying mobile
nodes, have to walk with different behaviour, emulating movements inside an
area composed by points of interest.  The simulation should gather periodic
data about hovering information status and properties (i.e.\ availability,
survivability and accessibility), nodes position and communications link.

Note on the implemented system: the people move only using some sort of random
walk, nothing more.

\subsection{Preliminary analysis}

From requirements a three sub-system design emerges:
\begin{enumerate}
	\item Simulator (graphic interface).
	\item Hovering information (composed by pieces of hovering information and
		mobile nodes).
	\item Social system (a group of hovering information users moving into
		the environment).
\end{enumerate}

\subsection{Requirements Analysis}

From the requirements and the preliminary analysis considerations, the
\emph{SODA} process focuses on analysis and design of the \emph{Hovering
information system} and the \emph{Social system}, treating them as a single
system. The subsystem \emph{Simulator} doesn't require independent control or
intelligence, so the simulator interface can be assumed as a \emph{Legacy
System}, already present in the environment.

\subsubsection{Requirements Tables}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Actor} & \textbf{Description} \\
			\hline
      Simulation Manager & The simulation manager, which renders the world and
      analyze its data. \\
			\hline
			Person & User of a mobile node. \\
			\hline
			Mobile node & Hovering information low-level user: discover, access and
			create the infrastructure for the pieces of hovering information. \\
			\hline
			Piece of Hovering Information & Hovering information instance. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Actor table $(C)Ac_t$}
	\label{tab:cact}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Requirement} & \textbf{Description} \\
			\hline
      Access Hovering Information & Access the hovering information
      available in the current position. \\
			\hline
			Show Simulation & Show the simulation. \\
			\hline
			Move & Move within the social environment. \\
			\hline
			Survive & Stay alive. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Requirement table $(C)Re_t$}
	\label{tab:cact}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Actor} & \textbf{Requirement} \\
			\hline
			Person & Access Hovering Information, Move. \\
			\hline
			Simulation Manager & Show Simulation. \\
			\hline
			Mobile node & Access Hovering Information. \\
			\hline
			Piece of Hovering Information & Survive, Access Hovering Information. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Actor-Requirement table $(C)AR_t$}
	\label{tab:cart}
\end{table}

\subsubsection{Domain Tables}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{External Environment} & \textbf{Legacy system} \\
			\hline
			External & Simulator UI. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{External Environment-Legacy System table $(C)EELS_t$}
	\label{tab:ceelst}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Legacy System} & \textbf{Description} \\
			\hline
			Simulator UI & Simulation output interface that shows simulation data. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Legacy System table $(C)LS_t$}
	\label{tab:clst}
\end{table}

\subsubsection{Relations Tables}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Relation} & \textbf{Description} \\
			\hline
			Inquisition & The system should permit inquisition. \\
			\hline
			GUI & The system should send the information needed by the GUI. \\
			\hline
			Neighborhood & Two mobile nodes are able to communicate if they are neighbors. \\
			\hline
			HostToPiece Exchange & A piece of hovering information and its host are able to communicate. \\
			\hline
			Node Interface & A person needs a node interface in order to use it for
			accessing or creating information. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Relation table $(C)Rel_t$}
	\label{tab:crelt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Requirement} & \textbf{Relation} \\
			\hline
			Access Hovering Information & HostToPiece Exchange, Node Interface, Neighborhood.  \\
			\hline
			Survive & HostToPiece Exchange, Neighborhood. \\
			\hline
			Be available & HostToPiece Exchange, Neighborhood. \\
			\hline
			Move & \\
			\hline
			Show Simulation & GUI. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Requirement-Relation table $(C)RR_t$}
	\label{tab:crrt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Legacy-System} & \textbf{Relation} \\
			\hline
			Simulator UI & GUI. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Relation-LegacySystem table $(C)RLS_t$}
	\label{tab:crlst}
\end{table}


\subsection{Analysis}

\subsubsection{References Tables}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Requirement} & \textbf{Task} \\
			\hline
      Access Hovering Information & display\_information,
                access\_remote\_information, access\_local\_information \\
			\hline
			Show Simulation & inquire\_world, show\_simulation \\
			\hline
			Survive & land\_task, clone\_task \\
			\hline
			Move & sense\_task, move\_task \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Reference Requirement-Task table $(C)RRT_t$}
	\label{tab:crrtt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Requirement} & \textbf{Function} \\
			\hline
			Access Hovering Information & get\_position, discover\_neighbors \\
			\hline
			Show Simulation & render \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Reference Requirement-Function table $(C)RRF_t$}
	\label{tab:crrft}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Requirement} & \textbf{Topology} \\
			\hline
			Access Hovering Information & Anchor Area, Communication Range, Node Topology. \\
			\hline
			Survive & Anchor Area, Communication Range, Node Topology. \\
			\hline
			Show Simulation & World. \\
			\hline
			Move & World. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Reference Requirement-Topology table $(C)RRTo_t$}
	\label{tab:crrtot}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Requirement} & \textbf{Dependency} \\
			\hline
			& \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
		\caption{Reference Requirement-Dependency table $(C)RReqD_t$}
	\label{tab:crreqdt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Legacy System} & \textbf{Function} \\
			\hline
			Simulator UI & render. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Reference Legacy System-Function table $(C)RLSF_t$}
	\label{tab:crlsft}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Legacy System} & \textbf{Topology} \\
			\hline
			Simulator UI & World. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Reference Legacy System-Topology table $(C)RLST_t$}
	\label{tab:crlsTt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Relation} & \textbf{Dependency} \\
			\hline
			GUI & GUIDep \\
			\hline
			Neighborhood & NeighbourDep, PositionDep. \\
			\hline
			Node Interface & NodeIfDep. \\
			\hline
			HostToPiece Exchange & HostDep. \\
			\hline
			Show Simulation & HostDep. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Reference Relation-Dependency table $(C)RRD_t$}
	\label{tab:crrdt}
\end{table}

\subsubsection{Responsibilities Tables}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{5cm}|p{7cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Task} & \textbf{Description} \\
			\hline
			display\_information & Show the information on the mobile node UI.\\
			\hline
			access\_local\_information & Access the needed information available in the
			current position from an hosted piece of hovering information.\\
			\hline
			access\_remote\_information & Access the needed information available in the
			current position from other nodes.\\
			\hline
			inquire\_world & Get the data needed by the show simulation process.  \\
			\hline
			show\_simulation & Create a displayable representation of the world. \\
			\hline
			move\_task & Move with a certain behaviour inside the environment. \\
			\hline
			land\_task & Jump between nodes in order to keep an high survivability. \\
			\hline
			clone\_task & Replicate between nodes in order to keep an high survivability. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Task table $(C)T_t$}
	\label{tab:ctt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{5cm}|p{7cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Function} & \textbf{Description} \\
			\hline
			render & Show a graphical representation of the simulated system. \\
			\hline
			get\_position & Return the position of a mobile node. \\
			\hline
			discover\_neighbours & Discover the neighbours of a mobile nodes. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Function table $(C)F_t$}
	\label{tab:cft}
\end{table}

\subsubsection{Topologies Tables}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Topology} & \textbf{Description} \\
			\hline
			Node Topology & The mobile node, positioned inside the world, seen
			as a topological constraint. \\
			\hline
			Anchor Area & Area associated to each hovering information, defined as a
			circular area with center into the \emph{anchor location} and radius the
			\emph{anchor radius}.\\
			\hline
			Communication Range & The maximum effective distance of a \emph{p2p}
			mobile node communication. \\
			\hline
			World & The environment. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Topology table $(C)Top_t$}
	\label{tab:ctopt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Task} & \textbf{Topology} \\
			\hline
			display\_information & Node Topology \\
			\hline
			access\_local\_information & Anchor Area, Node Topology\\
			\hline
			access\_remote\_information & Anchor Area, Communication Range\\
			\hline
			inquire\_world & World \\
			\hline
			show\_simulation & World \\
			\hline
			move\_task & World \\
			\hline
			land\_task & Communication Range, Anchor Area\\
			\hline
			clone\_task & Communication Range, Anchor Area\\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
		\caption{Task-Topology table $(C)TTop_t$}
	\label{tab:cttopt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Function} & \textbf{Topology} \\
			\hline
			render & World.\\
			\hline
			discover\_neighbour & Communication Range, World, Node Topology. \\
			\hline
			get\_position & World, Node Topology. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Function-Topology table $(C)FTop_t$}
	\label{tab:cftopt}
\end{table}


\subsubsection{Dependency Tables}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Dependency} & \textbf{Description} \\
			\hline
			GUIDep & Make data available for GUI purposes. \\
			\hline
			NeighbourDep & A mobile node is a neighbour of another if both are in
			communication range. \\
			\hline
      NodeIfDep & A person needs a node interface in order to access hovering
      information. \\
			\hline
      PositionDep & Many operations (almost all) depend on position. \\
			\hline
			InquireDep & Get system information for simulation purposes. \\
			\hline
			BoundedWorldDep & A person cannot move outside the world. \\
			\hline
			HostDep & Pieces can performs certain operations only with its host and vice-versa. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Dependency table $(C)D_t$}
	\label{tab:cdt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{5cm}|p{7cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Task} & \textbf{Dependency} \\
			\hline
			display\_information & NodeIfDep \\
			\hline
			access\_local\_information & HostDep, NodeIfDep, PositionDep\\
			\hline
			access\_remote\_information & NeighbourDep, NodeIfDep, PositionDep\\
			\hline
			inquire\_world & InquireDep \\
			\hline
			show\_simulation & GUIDep, InquireDep \\
			\hline
			move\_task & BoundedWorldDep \\
			\hline
			land\_task & NeighbourDep, HostDep, PositionDep \\
			\hline
			clone\_task & NeighbourDep, HostDep, PositionDep \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Task-Dependency table $(C)TD_t$}
	\label{tab:ctdt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{5cm}|p{7cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Function} & \textbf{Dependency} \\
			\hline
			render & GUIDep. \\
			\hline
			discover\_neighbours & NeighbourDep. \\
			\hline
			get\_position & PositionDep. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Function-Dependency table $(C)FD_t$}
	\label{tab:cfdt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Topology} & \textbf{Dependency} \\
			\hline
			Node Topology & HostDep. \\
			\hline
			Anchor Area & PositionDep.\\
			\hline
			Communication Range & PositionDep, NeighbourDep. \\
			\hline
			World & InquireDep, GUIDep, BoundedWorldDep. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Topology-Dependency table $(C)TopD_t$}
	\label{tab:ctopdt}
\end{table}

\subsection{Architectural Design}

Communication mechanisms were not specified during analysis, so, in order to
reduce design and implementation complexity, I assume that the only way that
mobile nodes have to communicate with each other is by \emph{dispatches}, that
is, asynchronous message passing with strong expectation by the sender that the
receiver will process the message.

The communication act is then decomposed into two primitives: \emph{in} and
\emph{out}. The communication resource is shared, so each user must have an
unique id.

However, I pose no limits on the communications between a mobile node and its
hosted pieces.

\subsubsection{Transition Tables}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Role} & \textbf{Task} \\
			\hline
      Simulation Manager & inquire\_world, show\_simulation.   \\
			\hline
			Person & access\_information, move\_task \\
			\hline
			Mobile node & access\_information.  \\
			\hline
			Piece of Hovering Information & survive\_task, be\_available\_task. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Transition Role-Task table $(C)TRT_t$}
	\label{tab:ctrtt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Task} & \textbf{Action} \\
			\hline
			analyze\_simulation & AnalyzeSimulation. \\
			\hline
			inquire\_world & InquireNodes, InquireHoveringInformations, InquireEnvironment. \\
			\hline
			show\_simulation & ShowSimulation. \\
			\hline
			access\_information & AccessInformation, ShowInformationToUI.\\
			\hline
			move\_task & SenseAction, MoveAction. \\
			\hline
			survive\_task & Land, Clone, DeterminateDefcon. \\
			\hline
			be\_available\_task & Land, Clone, DeterminateAvilability. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Transition Task-Action table $(C)TTA_t$}
	\label{tab:cttat}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Resource} & \textbf{Function} \\
			\hline
			SimulatorUIRes & render. \\
			\hline
			MobileResource & discover\_neighbour, get\_position, manage\_storage. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Transition Resource-Function table $(C)TRF_t$}
	\label{tab:ctrft}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Function} & \textbf{Operation} \\
			\hline
			render & RenderWorld. \\
			\hline
			manage\_storage & AllocateData, EditData, RemoveData. \\
			\hline
			discover\_neighbour & DiscoveNeighbour. \\
			\hline
			Communicate & SendMessage, ReceiveMessage. \\
			\hline
			get\_position & ObtainPosition. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Transition Function-Operation table $(C)TFO_t$}
	\label{tab:ctfot}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Dependency} & \textbf{Interaction} \\
			\hline
			GUIDep & Render Interaction \\
			\hline
      NeighbourDep & DiscoverNeighbour Interaction, SendMessage Interaction,
      ReceiveMessage Interaction \\
			\hline
			StorageDep & AllocateData Interaction, EditData Interaction, RemoveData Interaction \\
			\hline
			NodeIfDep & ShowInformation Interaction \\
			\hline
			InquireDep & Inquisition Interaction\\
			\hline
			BoundedWorldDep & \\
			\hline
			HostDep & \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Transition Dependency-Interaction table $(C)TDI_t$}
	\label{tab:ctdit}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Dependency} & \textbf{Rule} \\
			\hline
			NeighbourDep & Neighbour Rule, Send Rule, Receive Rule\\
			\hline
			StorageDep & Allocation Rule, DataExists Rule \\
			\hline
			NodeIfDep & \\
			\hline
			InquireDep & \\
			\hline
			BoundedWorldDep & Bounded World Rule\\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Transition Dependency-Rule table $(C)TDRu_t$}
	\label{tab:ctdrut}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Topology} & \textbf{Space} \\
			\hline
			Anchor Area & Anchor Area Space.\\
			\hline
			Communication Range & Communication Range Space. \\
			\hline
			World & World Space. \\
			\hline
			Node Topology & Node Space. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Transition Topology-Space table $(C)TTopS_t$}
	\label{tab:cttopst}
\end{table}

\subsubsection{Entities Tables}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{5cm}|p{7cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Action} & \textbf{Description} \\
			\hline
			AccessInformation & Find and access to the data of the required
			information. \\
			\hline
			ListInformation & Gets all the information available to the mobile node
			that is valid in the current position.\\
			\hline
			CreateInformation & Create a new hovering information. \\
			\hline
			CreateViaUI & A mobile user can create an hovering information using the
			mobile UI. \\
			\hline
      ShowInformationToUI & Show available information to the device UI, so
      that it's accessible from the user.\\
			\hline
			Replicate & Make a copy of the hovering information to be transferred to
			another mobile node. \\
			\hline
			Jump & Transfer the hovering information to another mobile node. \\
			\hline
			AccessInformationData & Allow access to the hovering information data. \\
			\hline
			SenseAction & Obtain the near person or points of interest. \\
			\hline
			MoveAction & Basic movement in the environment. \\
      \hline
      AnalyzeSimulation & Analyze the system properties such as hovering
      information requirements and complex network parameters. \\
			\hline
			ShowSimulation & Obatin a renderable world representation. \\
			\hline
			InquireNodes & Get all the information about mobile nodes.\\
			\hline
			InquireHoveringInformation & Get all the information about pieces of
			hovering information.\\
			\hline
			InquireEnvironment & Get extra information about environment.\\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Action table $(C)A_t$}
	\label{tab:cat}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Operation} & \textbf{Description} \\
			\hline
			RenderWorld & Render a representation of the world. \\
			\hline
			DiscoveNeighbour & Discover peers node inside the communication range. \\
			\hline
      SendMessage & Send an asynchronous message to a node that resides in
      communication range. \\
			\hline
      ReceiveMessage & Receive a message. Blocks if there are no messages. \\
			\hline
			AllocateData & Allocate space for a data into the mobile node buffer. \\
			\hline
			EditData & Edit a previously allocated data into the mobile node buffer. \\
			\hline
			RemoveData & Remove a data from the mobile node buffer. \\
			\hline
			ObtainPosition & Obtain the current node position using some location
			device. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Operation table $(C)O_t$}
	\label{tab:cot}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Role} & \textbf{Action} \\
			\hline
			Simulation Manager & AnalyzeSimulation, InquireNodes, InquireHoveringInformations, In-
			quireEnvironment, ShowSimulation. \\
			\hline
			Person & SenseAction, MoveAction, CreateViaUI. \\
			\hline
			Mobile node & ManageDevice, ListInformation, CreateInformation, ShowInformationToUI.  \\
			\hline
			Piece of Hovering Information & Replicate, Jump, AccessInformationData. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Role-Action table $(C)RA_t$}
	\label{tab:rat}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Resource} & \textbf{Operation} \\
			\hline
			SimulatorUIRes & RenderWorld. \\
			\hline
			MobileResource & InsertData, RemoveData, GetRemainingSpace,
			GetMaximumSize, DiscoveNeighbour, SendMessage, ReceiveMessage, ObtainPosition. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Resource-Operation table $(C)RO_t$}
	\label{tab:crot}
\end{table}

\subsubsection{Interactions Tables}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Interaction (Social \& Simulation)} & \textbf{Description} \\
			\hline
			Sense Interaction & Sense the world, obtaining information about other
			people and points of interest. \\
			\hline
			Move Interaction & Move inside the world, following a certain behaviour.
			\\
			\hline
			User Create Interaction & Mobile users have to communicate with the
			mobile node in order to create information. \\
			\hline
			\hline
			Inquisition Interaction & World inquisition for simulation analysis and
			management purposes. \\
			\hline
			Render Interaction & The system should interact with the GUI. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Interaction table $(C)Isa_t$}
	\label{tab:cisat}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Interaction (Hovering System)} & \textbf{Description} \\
			\hline
			ShowInformation Interaction & Show the mobile user the available information. \\
			\hline
      AllocateData Interaction & Allocate if possible enough space for a new
      piece of hovering information inside a mobile node buffer. \\
			\hline
      EditData Interaction & Edit or set a previously allocated data of a piece
      of hovering information inside a mobile node buffer. \\
			\hline
			RemoveData Interaction & Remove a piece of hovering information from the
			hosting mobile node buffer. \\
			\hline
			Access Interaction & Mobile nodes have to communicate together in order to
			access an hovering information. \\
			\hline
			List Interaction & Mobile nodes have to communicate together in order to
			obtain the list of available hovering information. \\
			\hline
			DiscoverNeighbour Interaction & Mobile nodes or piece of hovering
			information have to know the neighbours. \\
			\hline
      SendMessage Interaction & Mobile nodes can send messages to their
      neighbour, specifying an high-level receiver. \\
			\hline
      ReceiveMessage Interaction & Mobile nodes can receive messages specifying
      an high-level receiver. \\
			\hline
			\hline
			AccessInformationData Interaction & Mobile nodes must interact with Pieces
			of Hovering Information in order to get their data. \\
			\hline
			Jump Interaction & Jump from a mobile node to another. \\
			\hline
			Replication Interaction & Replicate to another mobile node. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Interaction table $(C)Ihov_t$}
	\label{tab:cihovt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{5cm}|p{7cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Action} & \textbf{Interaction} \\
			\hline
			AccessInformation & Access Interaction, Communication Interaction. \\
			\hline
			ListInformation & List Interaction, Communication Interaction. \\
			\hline
			CreateInformation & Communication Interaction, Communication Interaction.\\
			\hline
			CreateViaUI & User Create Interaction \\
			\hline
      ShowInformationToUI & ShowInformation Interaction.\\
			\hline
			Replicate & Replication Interaction, Communication Interaction.  \\
			\hline
			Jump & Jump Interaction, Communication Interaction. \\
			\hline
			AccessInformationData & AccessInformationData Interaction \\
			\hline
			MoveAction & Move Interaction \\
			\hline
			SenseAction & Sense Interaction \\
			\hline
			AnalyzeSimulation & Inquisition Interaction \\
			\hline
			InquireNodes & Inquisition Interaction. \\
			\hline
			InquireHoveringInformation & Inquisition Interaction. \\
			\hline
			InquireEnvironment & Inquisition Interaction. \\
			\hline
			ShowSimulation & Render Interaction \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Action-Interaction table $(C)AcI_t$}
	\label{tab:cacit}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Operation} & \textbf{Interaction} \\
			\hline
			RenderWorld & Render Interaction. \\
			\hline
			DiscoveNeighbour & DiscoverNeighbour Interaction. \\
			\hline
			SendMessage & SendMessage Interaction. \\
			\hline
			ReceiveMessage & ReceiveMessage Interaction. \\
			\hline
			AllocateData & AllocateData Interaction \\
			\hline
			EditData & EditData Interaction \\
			\hline
			RemoveData & RemoveData Interaction \\
			\hline
			ObtainPosition & Jump Interaction, Replicate Interaction, List
			Interaction, Access Interaction.  \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Operation-Interaction table $(C)OpI_t$}
	\label{tab:opit}
\end{table}

\subsubsection{Constraints Tables}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Rule} & \textbf{Description} \\
			\hline
			Accessible Rule & A mobile node can access an hovering information, if it
			resides in its anchor area. \\
			\hline
			Listing Rule & A mobile node answers to a listing interaction only with
			information accessible from the sender position. \\
			\hline
			Creation Rule & An hovering information can be created from a mobile node
			residing in the anchor area. \\
			\hline
      Allocation Rule & A mobile node cannot allocate more information than its
      buffer permits. \\
			\hline
      DataExists Rule & Only a previously allocated data can be edited or removed. \\
			\hline
			Neighbour Rule & A mobile node is reachable (is a neighbour) from
			another if both are in communication range. \\
			\hline
			Movement Duplicate Rule & If a neighbour mobile node doesn't contain the same
			hovering information, movement or replication is allowed. \\
			\hline
			Bounded World Rule & People cannot move outside the world. \\
			\hline
			Node Location Rule & A mobile node and an hovering information can access
			only its own mobile resource. \\
			\hline
			Send Rule & A message can be delivered only to nodes in communication range. \\
			\hline
			Receive Rule & A message can be picked up only by the high-level receiver. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Rule table $(C)Ru_t$}
	\label{tab:crut}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Interaction} & \textbf{Rule} \\
			\hline
			Move Interaction & Bounded World Rule. \\
			\hline
			Sense Interaction & \\
			\hline
			ShowInformation Interaction & \\
			\hline
			AllocateData Interaction & Allocation Rule, Node Location Rule \\
			\hline
			EditData Interaction & DataExists Rule, Node Location Rule \\
			\hline
			RemoveData Interaction & DataExists Rule, Node Location Rule \\
			\hline
			Access Interaction & Accessible Rule, Neighbour Rule \\
			\hline
			List Interaction & Listing Rule, Neighbour Rule \\
			\hline
			AccessInformationData Interaction & Neighbour Rule\\
			\hline
			DiscoverNeighbour Interaction & Neighbour Rule\\
			\hline
			Send Interaction & Send Rule, Neighbour Rule\\
			\hline
			Receive Interaction & Receive Rule, Neighbour Rule\\
			\hline
			User Create Interaction & \\
			\hline
			User Access Interaction & \\
			\hline
			Jump Interaction & Movement Duplicate Rule, Neighbour Rule \\
			\hline
			Replication Interaction & Movement Duplicate Rule, Neighbour Rule \\
			\hline
			Render Interaction & \\
			\hline
			Inquisition Interaction & \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Interaction-Rule table $(C)IRu_t$}
	\label{tab:cirut}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Resource} & \textbf{Rule} \\
			\hline
      MobileResource & Storage Rule, Neighbour Rule, Node Location Rule, Send
      Rule, Receive Rule. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Resource-Rule table $(C)ReRu_t$}
	\label{tab:crerut}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Role} & \textbf{Rule} \\
			\hline
			Simulation Manager & \\
			\hline
			Person & Bounded World Rule. \\
			\hline
      Piece of Hovering Information &  Movement Duplicate Rule, DataExists
      Rule, Allocation Rule, Neighbour Rule, Send Rule, Receive Rule.  \\
			\hline
      Mobile Node & Accessible Rule, Listing Rule, Creation Rule, Neighbour
      Rule, Send Rule, Receive Rule, DataExists Rule, Allocation Rule, Node
      Location Rule. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Role-Rule table $(C)RoRu_t$}
	\label{tab:crorut}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Space} & \textbf{Rule} \\
			\hline
			Anchor Area Space & Accessible Rule, Listing Rule, Creation Rule. \\
			\hline
			Communication Range Space & Neighbour Rule, Send Rule, Receive Rule. \\
			\hline
			Node Space & Node Location Rule, Accessible Rule, Listing Rule, Creation Rule. \\
			\hline
			World Space & Bounded World Rule. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Space-Rule table $(C)SRu_t$}
	\label{tab:cot}
\end{table}

\subsubsection{Topological Tables}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Space} & \textbf{Description} \\
			\hline
			Node Space & Mobile node space: located in a specific position, holds a
			mobile resource. \\
			\hline
			Anchor Area Space & Area associated to each hovering information, defined as a
			circular area with center into the \emph{anchor location} and radius the
			\emph{anchor radius}.\\
			\hline
			Communication Range Space & The maximum effective distance of a \emph{p2p}
			mobile node communication. \\
			\hline
			World Space & The environment. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Space table $(C)S_t$}
	\label{tab:st}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Space} & \textbf{Connection} \\
			\hline
			Communication Range Space & Centered, Inside. \\
			\hline
			Node Space & Centered, Inside. \\
			\hline
			Anchor Area Space & Inside. \\
			\hline
			World Space & Inside. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Space-Connection table $(C)SC_t$}
	\label{tab:sct}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Resource} & \textbf{Space} \\
			\hline
			SimulatorUIRes & World Space \\
			\hline
			Node Resource & Node Space \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Resource-Space table $(C)ReS_t$}
	\label{tab:crest}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Role} & \textbf{Space} \\
			\hline
			Simulation Manager & World Space. \\
			\hline
			Person & World Space, Anchor Space. \\
			\hline
			Mobile node & Node Space, Anchor Space. \\
			\hline
			Piece of Hovering Information & Anchor Space, Node Space. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Role-Space table $(C)RoS_t$}
	\label{tab:cost}
\end{table}

\subsection{Detailed Design}

\subsubsection{Carving Diagram}


\subsubsection{Mapping Tables}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Agent} & \textbf{Role} \\
			\hline
			Person & Person. \\
			\hline
			MobileNode & Mobile Node.  \\
			\hline
			Hovering & Piece of Hovering Information. \\
			\hline
			Simulator & Simulation Manager. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Mapping Agent-Role table $(C)MAR_t$}
	\label{tab:cmart}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Society} & \textbf{Role} \\
			\hline
			& \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Mapping Society-Role table $(C)MSR_t$}
	\label{tab:cmsrt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Artifact} & \textbf{Action} \\
			\hline
			Body Artifact & MoveAction, SenseAction. \\
			\hline
			MobileUI Artifact & CreateViaUI Action, ShowInformationToUI Action. \\
			\hline
			MobileUIInterface Artifact & ShowInformationToUI Action, CreateViaUI Action. \\
			\hline
      Simulator Artifact & ShowSimulation, AnalyzeSimulation,
      InquireNodes, InquireHoveringInformation, InquireEnvironment. \\
			\hline
			HoveringInformation Artifact & AccessInformationData. \\
			\hline
			MobileNode Artifact & CreateInformation \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Mapping Artifact-Action table $(C)MAAc_t$}
	\label{tab:cmaact}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Artifact} & \textbf{Resource} \\
			\hline
			UI Artifact & SimulatorUIRes. \\
			\hline
			MobileResource Artifact & MobileResource. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Mapping Artifact-Resource table $(C)MArR_t$}
	\label{tab:cmarrt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Aggregate} & \textbf{Resource} \\
			\hline
			& \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Mapping Aggregate-Resource table $(C)MAggR_t$}
	\label{tab:cmaggrt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Artifact} & \textbf{Operation} \\
			\hline
			UI Artifact & RenderWorld. \\
			\hline
      MobileResource Artifact & DiscoveNeighbour, SendMessage, ReceiveMessage,
      AllocateData, EditData, RemoveData, ObtainPosition. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Mapping Artifact-Operation table $(C)MArOp_t$}
	\label{tab:cmaropt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Artifact} & \textbf{Rule} \\
			\hline
			Body Artifact & Bounded World Rule. \\
			\hline
			MobileResource Artifact & Allocation Rule, DataExists Rule, Neighbour Rule, Node Location
			Rule, Movement Duplicate Rule. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Mapping Artifact-Rule table $(C)MArRu_t$}
	\label{tab:cmarrut}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Space} & \textbf{Workspace} \\
			\hline
			Node Space & Node Workspace. \\
			\hline
			Anchor Area Space & Anchor Area. \\
			\hline
			Communication Range Space & Communication Range.\\
			\hline
			World Space & World. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Mapping Space-Workspace table $(C)MSW_t$}
	\label{tab:cmsrt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Interaction} & \textbf{Use} \\
			\hline
			Move Interaction & Move Use \\
			\hline
			Sense Interaction & Sense Use \\
			\hline
			User Create Interaction & UserCreate Use \\
			\hline
			ObtainPosition Interaction & ObtainPosition Use \\	
			\hline
			DiscoverNeighbour Interaction & DiscoverNeighbour Use \\	
			\hline
			SendMessage Interaction & Send Use \\	
			\hline
			ReceiveMessage Interaction & Receive Use \\	
			\hline
			ShowInformation Interaction & ShowInformation Use \\
			\hline
			AllocateData Interaction & Allocation Use \\
			\hline
			RemoveData Interaction & Removal Use \\
			\hline
			EditData Interaction & Edit Use \\
			\hline
			Render Interaction & Render Use \\
			\hline
			Inquisition Interaction & Inquisition Use, Analysis Use \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Mapping Interaction-Use table $(C)MIU_t$}
	\label{tab:cmiut}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Interaction} & \textbf{Manifest} \\
			\hline
			ShowInformation Interaction & ShowInformation Manifest \\
			\hline
			UserCreate Interaction & UserCreate Manifest \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Mapping Interaction-Manifest table $(C)MIM_t$}
	\label{tab:cmimt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Interaction} & \textbf{SpeakTo} \\
			\hline
			Jump Interaction & Jump Speech \\
			\hline
			Replication Interaction & Replication Speech \\
			\hline
			List Interaction & List Speech \\
			\hline
			Access Interaction & Access Speech \\
			\hline
			Inquisition Interaction & Inquisition Speech \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Mapping Interaction-SpeakTo table $(C)MISp_t$}
	\label{tab:cmispt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Interaction} & \textbf{LinkedTo} \\
			\hline
			ShowInformation Interaction & ShowInformation Link \\
			\hline
			UserCreate Interaction & UserCreate Link \\
			\hline
			Render Interaction & Render Link\\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Mapping Interaction-LinkedTo table $(C)MIL_t$}
	\label{tab:cmilt}
\end{table}

\subsubsection{Agent/Society Design Tables}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Agent} & \textbf{Artifact} \\
			\hline
			Simulator & Simulator Artifact. \\
			\hline
			Person & Body Artifact, MobileUI Artifact. \\
			\hline
      MobileNode & MobileUI Artifact, MobileUIInterface Artifact, MobileNode
      Artifact\\
			\hline
			Hovering & HoveringInformation Artifact. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Agent-Artifact table $(C)AA_t$}
	\label{tab:caat}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Society} & \textbf{Agent} \\
			\hline
			& \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Society-Agent table $(C)SA_t$}
	\label{tab:csat}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Society} & \textbf{Artifact} \\
			\hline
			& \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Society-Artifact table $(C)SAr_t$}
	\label{tab:csart}
\end{table}

\subsubsection{Environment Design Tables}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Artifact} & \textbf{UsageInterface} \\
			\hline
			Body Artifact & Sense, MoveTo. \\
			\hline
			MobileUI Artifact & CreateViaUI. \\
			\hline
			MobileUIInterface Artifact & ShowInformation. \\
			\hline
      MobileResource Artifact & DiscoveNeighbour, SendMessage, ReceiveMessage,
      AllocateData, EditData, RemoveData, ObtainPosition. \\
			\hline
      Simulator Artifact & ShowSimulation, AnalyzeSimulation, InquireHovering,
      InquireEnvironment \\
			\hline
			HoveringInformation Artifact & GetData \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Artifact-UsageInterface table $(C)AUI_t$}
	\label{tab:cauit}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Aggregate} & \textbf{Artifact} \\
			\hline
			& \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Aggregate-Artifact table $(C)AggArt_t$}
	\label{tab:caggartt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Aggregate} & \textbf{Agent} \\
			\hline
			& \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Aggregate-Agent table $(C)AggAge_t$}
	\label{tab:caggaget}
\end{table}

\subsubsection{Interaction Detailed Design Tables}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Use} & \textbf{Protocol} \\
			\hline
			Sense Use & sense \newline return list\_people and list\_points\_of\_interest \\
			\hline
			Move Use & move\_to(position, velocity) \\
			\hline
			UserCreate Use & create(information) \\
			\hline
			ObtainPosition Use & ask position\newline return position\\
			\hline
			DiscoverNeighbour Use & discover neighbours\newline return list of neighbours\\
			\hline
			Send Use & send\_message(NeighbourID, ReceiverID, message) \\
			\hline
			Receive Use & receive\_message(ReceiverID)\newline return message \\
			\hline
			ShowInformationToUI Use & show information\\
			\hline
			Allocation Use & allocate(name, size) \\
			\hline
			Edit Use & edit(name, new\_data) \\
			\hline
			Removal Use & remove(name) \\
			\hline
			Inquisiton Use & inquire\_environment \\
			\hline
			Analysis Use & analyze\_system(inquisition\_result) \newline return results\\
			\hline
			Render Use & show\_world(inquisition\_result) \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Use-Protocol table $(C)UP_t$}
	\label{tab:cupt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Agent} & \textbf{Use} \\
			\hline
			Person & Sense Use, Move Use, UserCreate Use\\
			\hline
      MobileNode & ObtainPosition Use, DiscoverNeighbour Use, Send Use, Receive Use,
      ShowInformationToUI Use, ShowList Use, Allocation Use.  \\
			\hline
			Hovering & Send Use, Receive Use, Edit Use, Removal Use. \\
			\hline
			Simulator & Inquisition Use, Analysis Use, Render Use \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Agent-Use table $(C)AgeU_t$}
	\label{tab:cageut}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Artifact} & \textbf{Use} \\
			\hline
			Body Artifact & Move Use, Sense Use. \\
			\hline
			MobileUI Artifact & UserCreate Use. \\
			\hline
      MobileResource Artifact & DiscoverNeighbour Use, Send Use, Receive Use,
      Allocation Use, Edit Use, Remove Use \\
			\hline
			MobileUIInterface Artifact & ShowInformation Use. \\
			\hline
			HoveringInformation Artifact & AccessInformationData. \\
			\hline
			Simulator Artifact & Inquisition Use, Analysis Use, Render Use \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Artifact-Use table $(C)ArtU_t$}
	\label{tab:cartut}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{SpeakTo} & \textbf{Protocol} \\
			\hline
			Jump Speech & I\_am\_already\_there? \newline response \newline if\_not
			try\_insert(information) \newline response \newline if\_yes remove\_information \\
			\hline
			Replication Speech & I\_am\_already\_there? \newline response \newline if\_not
			try\_insert(information) \newline response \\
			\hline
			List Speech & give\_me\_valid\_info\_id(my\_position) \newline return list\_info\_id\\
			\hline
			Access Speech & give\_me\_information(info\_id) \newline return information \\
			\hline
			Inquisiton Speech & inquire\_mobile\_ask \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{SpeakTo-Protocol table $(C)SP_t$}
	\label{tab:cspt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Agent} & \textbf{SpeakTo} \\
			\hline
      MobileNode & List Speech, Access Speech, Creation Speech, AskAccess
      Speech, Replication Speech, Jump Speech, Inquisiton Speech. \\
			\hline
			Piece of Hovering Information & Jump Speech, Replication Speech. \\
			\hline
			Simulator & Inquisition Speech \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Agent-SpeakTo table $(C)AgeSp_t$}
	\label{tab:cagespt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Manifest} & \textbf{Protocol} \\
			\hline
			UserCreate Manifest & requested\_creation(info) \\
			\hline
			ShowInformation Manifest & new\_info \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Manifest-Protocol table $(C)MP_t$}
	\label{tab:cmpt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Agent} & \textbf{Manifest} \\
			\hline
			Hovering & \\
			\hline
			MobileNode & UserCreate Manifest \\
			\hline
			Person & ShowInformation Manifest\\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Agent-Manifest table $(C)AgeM_t$}
	\label{tab:cagemt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Artifact} & \textbf{Manifest} \\
			\hline
			MobileUI Artifact & UserCreate Manifest \\
			\hline
			MobileUIInterface Artifact & ShowInfo Manifest\\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Artifact-Manifest table $(C)ArtM_t$}
	\label{tab:cartmt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{LinkedTo} & \textbf{Protocol} \\
			\hline
			GUI Link & render(world) \\
			%\hline
			%Inquisition Link & inquire nodes \newline return node info \newline inquire
			%hovering \newline return hovering info\newline
			%InquireEnvironment\newline return environment info \\
			\hline
			ShowInformation Link & show\_info(info) \\
			\hline
			UserCreate Link & create\_info(info) \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{LinkedTo-Protocol table $(C)LP_t$}
	\label{tab:clpt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Artifact} & \textbf{LinkedTo} \\
			\hline
			MobileUIInterface Artifact & ShowInformation Link, UserCreate Link. \\
			\hline
			MobileUI Artifact & ShowInformation Link, UserCreate Link. \\
			\hline
			UI Artifact & GUI Link \\
			\hline
			Simulator Artifact & GUI Link \\
      \hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Artifact-LinkedTo table $(C)ArtL_t$}
	\label{tab:cartlt}
\end{table}

\subsubsection{Workspace Design Tables}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Workspace} & \textbf{Description} \\
			\hline
			Node Workspace  & A mobile node workspace. \\
			\hline
			Anchor Area  & Area bound to an hovering information. \\
			\hline
			Communication Range  & Node communication range. \\
			\hline
			World  & Simulation world. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Workspace table $(C)W_t$}
	\label{tab:cwt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Workspace} & \textbf{Connection} \\
			\hline
			Communication Range & Centered, Inside. \\
			\hline
			Node Workspace & Centered, Inside. \\
			\hline
			Anchor Area & Inside. \\
			\hline
			World  & Inside. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Workspace-Connection table $(C)WC_t$}
	\label{tab:cwct}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Workspace} & \textbf{Artifact} \\
			\hline
			Node Workspace & HoveringInformation Artifact, MobileNode Artifact,
			MobileResource Artifact, MobileUIInterface Artifact. \\
			\hline
      World & Simulator Artifact, Body Artifact, MobileUI Artifact. \\
			\hline
			Anchor Area & HoveringInformation Artifact. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Workspace-Artifact table $(C)WArt_t$}
	\label{tab:cwartt}
\end{table}

\begin{table}[H]
	\centering
	\begin{tabular}{|p{4cm}|p{8cm}|}
			\hline
			\textbf{Workspace} & \textbf{Agent} \\
			\hline
			Node Workspace & MobileNode, Hovering \\
			\hline
      World & Person, Simulator, Simulator Manager, Hovering, MobileNode. \\
			\hline
			Anchor Area & Hovering. \\
			\hline
		\end{tabular}
	\caption{Workspace-Agent table $(C)WA_t$}
	\label{tab:cwat}
\end{table}
